People are not dead yet, why cry?
Mr. Shen, I thought you were dead
If you die, I really can't live
Curse me less, I don't die so easily
And don't let me see him cry next time
Miss Su, don't worry about Master Shen
Just those punks
He is not a match for Master Shen at all
Miss Su
The one you gave me last time was amazing
Give it to me again.
I only give Mr. Shen free
Everyone else wants money
5,000 bucks a Fulu.
Do you want money? Arrange
Mr. Shen
Hey, what about people?
Hey wait for me
Don't get in the car
Mr. Shen
I have investigated the evil on that rooftop.
But now we need to go to the hospital to find Xiao Mao.
Only by finding Xiaomao can we find any black hands
Alipay 10,000 yuan
I didn't expect Tang Yi
It was refreshing.
Are you short of money?
Of course, who's going to have a hard time with money?
Since you are short of money
Why don't you take my money?
Of course I won't say who I like
Besides, if we get married in the future
What's yours is mine.
I suggest you go to the hospital to see your brain